Update README.md (#1430)
ansible/awx-operator: README.md

| -------------- | -------------- | ------- |
| extra_settings | Extra settings | ''      |

> **Note:** Parameters configured in `extra_settings` cannot change after deployed awx.

Reviewer: I don't believe this is true... @rooftopcellist @TheRealHaoLiu is there a bug here?

Reviewer 2: i dont think this is true, it will cause a rolling restart so that the setting takes effect i think

Reviewer 3: Can we add a bit more detail to the doc note?

```suggestion
**Note:** Parameters configured in `extra_settings` are set as read-only settings in AWX.  As a result, they cannot be changed in the UI after deployment. If you need to change the setting after the initial deployment, you need to change it on the AWX CR spec.  
```
